---
tags:
  - daily-note
previous: "[[2024-08-21]]"
next: "[[2024-08-23]]"
notetoolbar: Daily Notes
location: 36.126254652144844,-79.00948631349326
---
# 2024-08-22
## Plan
Alarms off last night at Tisha's request she wanted to sleep in for the drive today. So I slept in and then started work a bit late and honestly half assed need to send out email for the newletter sign up the rest I can pick up.

Today will send newsletter pack stuff for the trip and then I will make sure that house is cleaned up for departure. Outside of that everything can wait.

## Newsletter 
- [x] just draft and send don't worry about the rest
## Determine store needs
- [x] Check for sandwich ingredients in refrigerator
## Grocery store
- [x] Sandwhich makings
## Packing 
- [x] WoW download on the laptop
- [x] Toothbrush and toothpaste
- [x] Gum
- [ ] Clothes
	- [x] One set of shorts and shirt for Friday outfit
	- [x] Second set of shorts and shirt for Saturday outfit
	- [x] Workout cloths for Sunday Drive back
	- [x] Swimsuit
	- [x] Sweatpants 2 pairs
	- [x] 2 shirts for night time use
	- [x] Jeans
	- [x] belt
	- [x] nice shoe 
	- [x] 1 sock
- [x] ipad
- [x] Work computer
- [x] Keyboard
- [x] mouse - the mmo one
- [x] chargers
	- [x] Phone
	- [x] Laptop work
	- [x] Laptop personal
- [x] Pack cooler with snacks and sandwhich foods
- [x] my book [[How to Read a Book]]

## If you run out of things to do
- [ ] Maybe sneak a trip to target to get another swimsuit
 - I'll just grab one in myrtle if needed
## Wind Down
Got to a tiny house in [[Tiny House with Hottub in NC]]. I didn't get too much done today for work but at least got that which was required of me. We drove down after work about 4 hours out. Starying in the tiny home and enjoying it's hot tub.

[[Retail WoW]] [[World of Warcraft War Within]] expansion came out today so I played a little bit of that on my laptop when I got here. It's now 10:49 pm so I'll be wrapping up to head off to bed. But traveling certainly resonates with me. [[Traveling even little road trips to tiny home]]
### Files Modified Today
```dataview
TABLE FROM "" WHERE file.mtime.day = this.file.day.day AND file.mtime.month = this.file.mtime.month SORT file.mtime desc
```

